Bug 1814094: [4.3] Remove duplicate bug from known issues (#20509)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-3-release-notes.adoc

endpoints are configured with self-signed TLS certificates the installation will
fail.
(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1786314[*BZ#1786314*],link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1769879[*BZ#1769879*],link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1735192[*BZ#1735192*])

> * Installer Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) on OpenStack fails with `Security group rule already exists` error when OpenStack Neutron is under heavy load. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1788062[*BZ#1788062*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Installer-provisioned infrastructure installations on OpenStack fail with `Security group rule already exists` error when OpenStack Neutron is under heavy load. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1788062[*BZ#1788062*])
```
